# Notes
1. I feel that I constantly have to watch my back because I feel like everyone is constantly trying to get others in trouble for not being in their designated space all the time. I feel like it has turned from a fun working environment into a place where everyone is constantly trying to one-up each other and get others in trouble.
2. I don't like that there is a big disconnect of information between the managers and the staff, the friday meetings were supposed to be the time when we were all together and were able to all be on the same page with the things that are happening. Now it feels like the SLA meetings with Mike are the people that are getting that information but the rest of us are not and the rest of us are left in the dark.
3. People are not where they are supposed to be and they do not let their coworkers know about it, so we are trying to figure out why this person is not where they are supposed to be and it turns out that they are with one of the managers working on a project but we don't know about it.
4. I'm relatively new, and I know that there are some of us that are SLAs but I don't really know who they are and what their responsibilities are, so far I have seen them doing the same job as the rest of us so I don't really know what else they do. Do they only work in GAIA? Do they know how to work tech? I don't really know.
5. I feel that Tegan is not as active as the rest of the team, I constantly see her just sitting at her desk on her laptop. It would be nice to see her at GAIA sometimes, even if it is just her sitting down talking with us, telling us about her background or hobbies, so that we can get to know her better. I feel it is very hard to get her to have conversations with us.
6. I don't really feel comfortable with all the tools that we have at GAIA, I feel like it is the responsibility of the managers and the SLAs to make sure that the rest of the staff can comfortably use those tools and answer student's questions regarding them without us having to constantly ask them for what to do.
7. People still don't really know how to properly log the 3D prints on airtable, there is constant confusion with how to log prints that have failed because there are options to fill out that it failed and was sent to print again, so are we supposed to fill that out and then create a new form for the reprint ? Or just edit the original form.
8. I don't feel comfortable talking to Karla when I have questions, I feel like what I do just does not please her and that she judges my work. I am ok with learning and fixing my mistakes but I don't think she is approachable to ask questions or to get help. I feel like she just gives out orders.
9. People keep leaving their water bottles in tech, I notice that Kevin is always asking who's water bottles they are and then throwing them away when no one answers. I have also noticed that people keep taking the pencils in tech and never returning them, so those of us that need to use them never have one.
10. If people have complaints with the way that I work I would like them to talk to me first, before going and complaining to my manager, because it might be that something is happening or it could be a simple mistake on my part. If it is a constant thing of me not being there when I should be I would understand the complaint to my manager but I don't like that any little thing people want to complain to my mentor.
11. I think that Andrew could be more approachable as a coworker, I feel like he just sits in the back working on his computer with his headphones on not really talking to us and I feel like if I have question I would be burdening him and interrupting whatever he is doing.
12. I don't really like that every Friday you get grouped with the same mentor team, there is no chance for everyone especially those of us that are new to get to know everyone else if we are always told to work with the same 3 people. 
13. Connie keeps leaving tech to go in the manager's office to go talk to Peter, so if we work in Tech we have to go find Connie and tell her that she should be in tech.
14. Justen is always missing his shifts in tech or is late by like 15 minutes and he is usually at GAIA talking to Andrew. I feel like it is both Andrew's responsibility as an SLA and his manager to fix that because we have to ask someone who is not working to cover his shift.
1. People not showing up to their shifts, because they think that that someone or even the SLA in that vicinity will cover them. 
2. Alex leaving his tech shift, because "mike told him too" and not finding someone to cover for that missing spot which causes problems in tech
3. Alex putting personal prints, above 100g ahead of the students thus causing a delay in students prints since some of those prints took more than 8 hours.
4. Students playing The switch while on shift, which had some of the people not working, having to deal with students when they walked in. 
5. Alex stopping fellow LE workers because he belived certain things were being done wrong when using the Laser, or even the 3D Printers. when nothing was wrong whene using the laser or other tools.  
6. When being overwhelmed or need someone who is familar with certain software that person will just say "Oh im not on the clock" when even I have helped them.  
7. When a superior takes out a laptop even to the outside of GAIA it creates a mess trying to look for it.  
8. Tech at times is left alone. or is with one person only  
9. I believe that the decision for monica having a strike was harsh when there have been LE workers who have done much bad and they get anything for it.   There was also an instance where Alex told everyone in GAIA about his personal problem involving a member in the Honey Badgers, I believe that he shouldn't have told the people and workers there at the time about that problem since it can turn into conflicts later on down the road and even bad blood between teams in the honey badgers.  
10. Keep the coffee area clean

# Recommendation
Have a schedule if cleaning up if too dirty. For example, clean up the tech desk with clorox and make sure it’s presentable. If you see a coffee stain, clean it up! Also, if you see trash, throw it away. We are a team so let’s act less individualistic.
No Comment......
It may seem like Connie can take the teasing because she can certainly dish it back or she laughs it off, but I’m concerned that she may be taking it more seriously in private and I think it might be hurting her. The teasing needs to stop- at least when it comes to Connie. It would be best if everyone could keep joking with her but no longer at her expense.
everyone check after getting coffee